docs(storage): Adds some context to the data storage options for Kafka (#7329)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/ref-storage-persistent.adoc

[id='ref-persistent-storage-{context}']
= Persistent storage

[role="_abstract"]

> Persistent data storage retains data even when a pod that uses the storage restarts.

Reviewer: It should not keep them just between restarts but make them persisted in general, survive all kind of failures and disasters etc.. So maybe we should make this statement more wide than just pod restarts?

Author: changed to:

> Persistent data storage retains data in the event of system disruption.
> For pods that use persistent data storage, data is persisted across failures and restarts.

> Persistent data storage uses a storage framework called persistent volumes (PV). 

Reviewer: MAybe we should call it _Dynamic Volume Provisioning_? https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/

Author: I think we can use that term
I've rewritten and reordered these lines a little

> A dynamic provisioning framework enables clusters to be created with persistent storage. 
> Pod configuration uses {K8sPersistentVolumeClaims} (PVCs) to make storage requests on persistent volumes (PVs).
> PVs are storage resources that represent a storage volume.
> PVs are independent of the pods that use them.

PVs are storage resources, independent of the pods that use them.
Pod configuration uses {K8sPersistentVolumeClaims} (PVCs) to make storage requests on the PVs.
The PVC requests the amount of storage required when a pod is being created.
The underlying storage infrastructure of the PV does not need to be understood. 
If a PV matches the storage criteria, the PVC is bound to the PV.

> Because of its permanent nature, persistent storage is recommended for production. 

Reviewer: To avoid confusion here ... 
* `type: persistent-claim` is recommended for production for ZooKeeper
* `type: jbod` with one or more `type: persistent-claim` volumes is recommended for production for Kafka

PVCs can request different types of persistent storage by specifying a {K8SStorageClass}.
Storage classes define storage profiles and dynamically provision PVs.  
Persistent storage options might include SAN storage types or a {K8sLocalPersistentVolumes}.

To use persistent storage, you set the storage type configuration in the `Kafka` or `ZooKeeper` resource to `persistent-claim`.

Persistent storage also has the following configuration options:

`id` (optional)::
A storage identification number. This option is mandatory for storage volumes defined in a JBOD storage declaration.
Default is `0`.

`size` (required)::
The size of the persistent volume claim, for example, "1000Gi".

`class` (optional)::

> The Kubernetes {K8SStorageClass} to use for dynamic volume provisioning.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add that additional storage _configuration_ can be usually done as part of the Storage class configuration. For example things such as encryption, iops, file system type (etx4 versus xfs) etc.

[id='ref-persistent-storage-{context}']
= Persistent storage

[role="_abstract"]
Persistent data storage retains data in the event of system disruption.
For pods that use persistent data storage, data is persisted across pod failures and restarts.

A dynamic provisioning framework enables clusters to be created with persistent storage. 
Pod configuration uses {K8sPersistentVolumeClaims} (PVCs) to make storage requests on persistent volumes (PVs).
PVs are storage resources that represent a storage volume.
PVs are independent of the pods that use them.
The PVC requests the amount of storage required when a pod is being created.
The underlying storage infrastructure of the PV does not need to be understood. 
If a PV matches the storage criteria, the PVC is bound to the PV.

Because of its permanent nature, persistent storage is recommended for production.

PVCs can request different types of persistent storage by specifying a {K8SStorageClass}.
Storage classes define storage profiles and dynamically provision PVs.  

> If a storage class is not specified, a standard profile is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a storage class is not specified, the default storage class is used.
```

As a result of the configured `overrides` property, the volumes use the following storage classes:

* The persistent volumes of ZooKeeper node 0 use `my-storage-class-zone-1a`.
* The persistent volumes of ZooKeeper node 1 use `my-storage-class-zone-1b`.
* The persistent volumes of ZooKeeepr node 2 use `my-storage-class-zone-1c`.
* The persistent volumes of Kafka broker 0 use `my-storage-class-zone-1a`.
* The persistent volumes of Kafka broker 1 use `my-storage-class-zone-1b`.
* The persistent volumes of Kafka broker 2 use `my-storage-class-zone-1c`.

The `overrides` property is currently used only to override storage class configurations. 
Overrides for other storage configuration properties is not currently supported.
Other storage configuration properties are currently not supported.

[id='ref-persistent-storage-pvc-{context}']
== PVC resources for persistent storage

When persistent storage is used, it creates PVCs with the following names:

`data-_cluster-name_-kafka-_idx_`::
PVC for the volume used for storing data for the Kafka broker pod `_idx_`.

`data-_cluster-name_-zookeeper-_idx_`::
PVC for the volume used for storing data for the ZooKeeper node pod `_idx_`.

> == Log directories for persistent storage

Reviewer: Again, maybe we can make it more clear we talk about mount path here?
